# Roadmap

Xphere will initially focus on developing the mainnet based on the technical concept of third-generation blockchain to overcome the trilemma of transaction speed, decentralization, and security simultaneously and to form an initial participant group that will serve as the foundation for activating the blockchain ecosystem.&#x20;

To achieve this, initial Xphere will operate as a single blockchain utilizing the dual-chain approach, which includes the resource chain and main chain, and adopt an operational model that restricts technological disclosure in the short term. Subsequently, it will drive technological upgrades to operate a diversified blockchain network that can facilitate market entry for blockchain applications by separating the service chain and ultimately transition into a full-fledged public blockchain.







<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th><th align="center"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td align="center"><p></p><p><strong>Limited Public blockchain :</strong> </p><p><strong>Dual Chain</strong> </p><p><strong>Core Network Algorithm</strong></p><p><strong>(~2024. 12)</strong></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Independent Mainnet</p><p>Public Blockchain</p><p>  </p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Prioritize Ecosystem Construction</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p></p><p>Validator Enterprise Participation</p><p></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Validator Enterprise Participation</p><p>20 or more</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>PoW-based Hybrid Consensus Algorithm</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Native Coin - Xphere (Xphere, XP)</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Over 4,000 TPS</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td align="center"><p></p><p><strong>Public BLockchain :</strong> </p><p><strong>Partial Access</strong> </p><p><strong>Triple-Chain</strong></p><p><strong>(~2025. 12)</strong></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Independent Mainnet</p><p>Public Blockchain</p><p>  </p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Technological Upgrades</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p></p><p>Partially Open Operation</p><p>(Service Chain Technological Disclosure)</p><p></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Validator Enterprise Participation</p><p>Approximately 40</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>PoW-based Hybrid Consensus Algorithm</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Native Coin - Xphere (Xphere, XP)</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Over 4,000 TPS</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td align="center"><p></p><p><strong>Public Blockchain :</strong> </p><p><strong>Complete Access</strong> </p><p><strong>Triple-Chain</strong></p><p><strong>(2026. 01~)</strong></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Independent Mainnet</p><p>Public Blockchain</p><p>  </p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Transition to </p><p>Open Business Structure</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Open Operation</p><p>(Technological Complete Disclosure)</p><p></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Validator Enterprise Participation</p><p></p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>PoW-based Hybrid Consensus Algorithm</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Native Coin - Xphere (Xphere, XP)</p><p></p></td><td align="center"><p></p><p>Over 4,000 TPS</p><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table>



### Phase 1 - Limited Public blockchain : Dual Chain Core Network Algorithm (March 2024 - December 2024)

The initial consensus algorithm of the Xphere blockchain follows a multiple consensus algorithm based on the dual-chain core network. However, such consensus algorithms may bring inefficiencies that hinder the goal of becoming a platform centered around enterprise-grade services, as they require communication with all nodes participating in the resource chain and main chain. Therefore, in the initial stages of Xphere, a limited number of nodes and validators will be operated to ensure system stability, and the operation will be restricted in terms of technology. The target number of nodes to be deployed targeting the governance alliance currently under consideration is 200, with the goal of securing participation from at least 20 companies initially.

### Phase 2 - Public BLockchain : Partial Access Triple-Chain (January 2025 - December 2025)

Xphere will evolve into a multi-chain public blockchain technology completed as a triple-chain public blockchain, adding a service chain to the dual-chain mechanism, which includes the resource chain and main chain. With the characteristics of the third-generation dual-chain public blockchain, Xphere will introduce a proprietary blockchain optimized for enterprise blockchain services through the provision of a service chain, increasing the autonomy of enterprise blockchain technology adoption and optimizing service stability. The number of companies participating in the Xphere governance alliance will be expanded to around 100, diversifying participants contributing to the Xphere ecosystem. During this period, participation in various crypto projects will be initiated through the technological disclosure of the service chain.

### Phase 3 - Public Blockchain : Complete Access Triple-Chain (From January 2026)

Xphere will complete the architecture of the multi-chain public blockchain composed of three chains and diversify the development tool-kits for developers and users who want to enter the market. During this period, as the infrastructure of the ecosystem is completed, Xphere will drive the transition to a full-fledged public blockchain through full technological disclosure. This will be achieved by fully disclosing the technology of the resource chain and main chain, allowing anyone to participate as a validator through node operation.

